tool-requires with different options and versions (#3219)
conan-io/docs: examples/graph/tool_requires/different_options.rst

Depending on same version of a tool-require with different options
==================================================================

.. note::

    This is an **advanced** use case. It shouldn't be necessary in the vast majority of cases.

In the general case, trying to do something like this:

.. code-block:: python

    def build_requirements(self):
        self.tool_requires("gcc/1.0")
        self.tool_requires("gcc/1.0")

Will generate a "conflict", showing an error like ``Duplicated requirement``.

> However there are some exceptional situations that we could need depending on the same ``tool_requires`` version, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However there are some exceptional situations that we could need to depend on the same ``tool_requires`` version, 
```

but defining ``run=False`` and ``options={"myoption": value}`` traits. **This is very important**: we are telling Conan 
that we actually don't need to run anything from those packages. As ``tool_requires`` are not visible, they don't define
headers or libraries and they define different ``options``, there is nothing that makes Conan identify those 2 ``tool_requires`` 
as conflicting. So the dependency graph can be constructed without errors, and the ``wine/1.0`` package will contain 
2 different tool-requires to both ``gcc/1.0`` with ``myoption=1`` and with ``myoption=2``.

Of course, it is not true that we won't run anything from those ``tool_requires``, but now Conan is not aware of it,
and it is completely the responsibility of the user to manage it.

.. warning::

    Using ``run=False`` makes the ``tool_requires()`` completely invisible, that means that profile ``[tool_requires]``
    will not be able to override its version, but it would create an extra tool-require dependency with the version
    injected from the profile. You might want to exclude specific packages with something like ``!wine/*: gcc/3.0``.

> The recipe has still access in the ``generate()`` method to each different ``tool_require`` version, just by providing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recipe still has access in the ``generate()`` method to each different ``tool_require`` version, just by providing
```
